Github Copilot helped generate many functions in my data_cleaning.py script. I guided or prompted it by writing short comments above the functions and then starting to put my general code that I wanted and letting it finish it. After doing that Copilot would suggest full bodies of function that I could accept and then edit later if it wasn't working. It helped mostly with the basic structure for the function and standardizing column names. Copilot was great for giving me suggestions and a good starting point so I wouldn't feel stumped.

I had to make several changes to Copilot to fit the dataset given. It gave me a code that didn't match the column names in the data, so the function didn't recognize the name which I had to adjust. I had to also change some of the converting values and remove invalid rows. So Copilot gave a good outline but I did have to use some logic because the code wouldn't run properly when solely using Copilot.

I learned that datasets are very structural and numerical based which is important to understand when building your code. I also learned that ou can't fully rely on Copilot to do all of the code for you, there still needs to be an understanding of what the functions are doing. A strength of Copilot was that it really speeds up the process but a major setback was that a lot of the time it would produce errors. A specific thing I had to work through was fixing the column names, Copilot doesn't have the data to know the proper names they just have suggestions. Copilot knows the vague idea of what should be right but you have to read over it and make it applicable to your project.


